Jenny -

The following is a decently long story that I think I have told you 
about before. Read it sometime when you have time (ha ha) if you could. 
I'd much appreciate feedback on it. It's a rather wierd little deal, so 
take it with a grain of salt, so to speak.

A Quaint Town

	The village itself was rather a quaint town, though its surroundings 
were anything but average. All houses were the same distance from the 
tidy cobblestone streets, all lawns were green and all the fences white. 
There was a town hall, complete with white siding and brick steps 
leading up to it from the street. Unfortunately, that is where normality 
stopped for the poor inhabitants of Clearwater. The town name itself hid 
a darker truth. The lake, near which the town was situated, had a most 
disturbing blackness to it. No fish jumped, no frogs croaked, and no 
birds would drink from its waters. 
There were few buildings outside the main cluster around the town hall, 
one of which was a church. The church was built just on the outer 
reaches of the orchards to the north of the town, its walls were 
composed of simple granite from a quarry nearby. Also nearby, and 
growing larger far quicker than the inhabitants of Clearwater would 
like, was a graveyard. A mixture of gravestones adorned the graves of 
those deceased. A good half were composed of white marble or of other 
fine stone and had been crafted by a master. The other half were of the 
same make as the church, but roughly hewn, as though done in a hurry by 
someone who had no training in stone-craft. These vast differences were 
divisible by date. The beautiful half all had dates predating 1783, and 
all the rough ones were made after 1783. All the new gravestones were of 
quickly carved granite.
Running past the church was a dirt road, the only dirt road in the area. 
It was, in fact, the only road out of town, and to call it a road was a 
lie. More of a trail wide enough for two horses to pass each other, but 
not quite wide enough for two carts. After the church, it narrowed 
further, and in places was overgrown with grass. The trial entered a 
birch forest rich with sounds of birds and insects about half a mile 
from the edge of the churchyard. Another half mile and the trail came 
upon the first of many unexplained and disturbing circumstances that the 
trail encountered on its way through these woods. 
As the trail approached said circumstance, to its left was a raging 
river flowing in that direction. To the right was a waterfall, with the 
water flowing to the opposite direction as the river. It was impossible 
to tell where the water flow changed, and it was quite maddening to try. 
Over the river was a single, very thick, rope. This was the only way to 
cross the river portion of this phenomena. The waterfall plunged into a 
deep gorge, and at the bottom of this was a small lake into which the 
waterfall cascaded. The small lake was the same color as the larger one 
bordering on the town. Not long ago, in fact before 1783, this anomaly 
had not existed. There had been a sturdy suspension bridge from one bank 
to the other. Now it hung precariously by its cables, and swung 
frightfully when touched. 
On the other side, the trail disappeared into dense, dark pine woods 
from which few things had returned since that dread year of 1783. The 
townsfolk had many strange and horrible tales which dealt with what had 
emanated from that awful expanse of wilderness, the likes of which would 
make the blood of more ordinary folk turn cold. These dark woods ran all 
the way up forbidding peaks that fully enclosed Clearwater and its black 
lake. 
The townsfolk had two histories that dealt with what had happened to 
their town. They disagree with how it came about, but all agree that it 
happened when their stonecutter made his last trip to the big city for 
blocks of marble. This stonecutter, with the most unoriginal name of 
Josh Stone, had become famous for his skill with the chisel and often 
made trips into the city to purchase marble to make into things which 
would then be bought at vast expense by the many admirers of his work. 
The gravestones predating 1783 were all of his make, and the streets of 
Clearwater had all been done under his direction. On his last trip home 
from the city, he had been descending the slopes toward Clearwater 
(which had been much less steep then), when something had scared his 
horses, and they tried to flee. The great weight in the cart caused the 
horses to lose their balance and they fell. The unfortunate Josh Stone 
was crushed beneath the blocks of marble and perished. And here is where 
the stories diverge. Some say that this death was the start of the 
horrors, other say this was only the first symptom, but whatever the 
story, when the town woke up, the surrounding area had changed into the 
state described above. Quite understandably in a state of shock, they 
sent a group of people out along the now overgrown trail. One returned 
saying that had needed to make a new way across the river, and once 
across found the pile of marble and bits of wood. He had been sent back 
to inform the town. The rest never returned.
The more common theory was that Josh Stone had been the cause of this 
great evil. In fact, all the superstitious townsfolk held to that theory 
except for the minister and three boys of varying ages. The minister had 
been a great friend of the stonecutter and his three apprenticed boys. 
These four were very careful not to mention to the town that they held 
this differing view. 
And so life had gone on until this point with bad going to worse. Every 
time someone tried to gather firewood, they would come down with some 
illness or another and die soon after. It hadn't taken long to stop 
gathering wood. Many died of cold during the winters, but the rest still 
farmed the surrounding area and made a good living. There were no more 
fishing trips after the town watched arms come up out of the water and 
pull under a fishing boat with alarming speed. But these things were 
endured and life went on as best it could.

I liked Reverend Smith's study. It had a large birch desk that dominated 
the undersized room, upon which were strewn notes, maps, sermons, books, 
and more notes. In a cleared spot, a rather honorable position 
considering the surroundings, sat an old and worn Bible. The walls had 
birch paneling, the chairs were of delicately carved ash. All of which 
predated 1783. The floors were of the same material that the church was 
made of. A large window in front of the desk lighted the room, and the 
door was often left ajar, which provided more light. At night, he lit a 
candle or two and continued to study whatever it was he studied until 
late at night. When I was younger, my mother would often scold the 
Reverend for staying up so late when she came by to find me and take me 
home. 
 	When I apprenticed myself to the late Josh Stone, I had stopped my 
visits to the Reverend much to my distress, and my mother's, who enjoyed 
scolding the Reverend. When my apprenticeship ended abruptly three years 
ago, I again began to visit the place that held so many warm childhood 
memories. And it was there that I found myself, along with Timothy and 
Paul, that day in September.
	There was a knock at the door, and there was only one person we could 
have expected.
	"Jered, go let your mother in." Reverend Smith never looked up from the 
sermon he was writing. The doors to the church were always unlocked, but 
a knock was required for entry into the Reverend's study. He didn't like 
to be disturbed. Which makes me wonder why he tolerated us kids.
	I jumped up to begin the ritual of scolding and being dragged away. But 
when I opened the door, there stood not my mother, but a beautiful woman 
clad in rags and covered in dirt. You can understand our shock. We 
hadn't seen a new face in three years, and to see such a beautiful new 
face clad in clothes that had known better days was an interesting turn 
of events. Before these thoughts had completed themselves, she had 
pushed past me and closed the door in a rush. Dumbfounded, I turned to 
ask a myriad half formed questions when she began speaking in a 
frightened, hurried voice.
	"You must believe me Reverend Smith, what I tell you is the truth. I 
was travelling through yonder woods when I met your beloved stonecutter. 
He and I …" and here she paused a moment. "He and I discussed many 
things, and among which was the lifting of the curse that is upon your 
town." She had our ears, if for no other reason then we could think of 
nothing to do but listen in our shocked state. "He is alive yes, and has 
been for these three years. He told me that in his wanderings he had 
discovered the source of the curse and the way to cure it. You must send 
these three boys into the woods and there they will find someone to 
protect. They must defend that person at the cost of their lives."
	We had no idea what she was talking about. By we I mean Paul, Timothy, 
and I, and we were quite ready to dismiss this as idiocy, but by the 
speed with which the Reverend's face turned from surprise to 
understanding I guessed this information clicked with something he knew 
and so did not dismiss it so readily. 
	"What person might this be, my dear?" The Reverend had gotten up from 
behind his seat and maneuvered this lady into one of the empty ones. He 
had also managed to come up with a blanket and had provided her with 
this as well. 
	"He couldn't say, but he knew that the person would find those that 
sought him." This all seemed very esoteric to us, but we were young and 
unafraid and this sounded like a great way to make a name for ourselves 
and redeem the master we had studied under.
	"How did you get to be so wet?" Our Reverend never ceased to be 
practical.
	"I had a hard time crossing the ford."
	"Why didn't you use the bridge?"
	"It was urgent that I get here in time." The Reverend looked confused 
for the second time that night, but he didn't press the matter. "Can I 
claim asylum?" We had no idea what this meant, but our omniscient 
Reverend did. 
	"Of course."
	We all sat quietly as the poor woman warmed up and dried her clothes. 
She refused all other comforts we offered besides those that the 
Reverend had given at the start. We stayed the night, as we often did 
when our collective parents decided not to come get us. It's a skill to 
sleep in those chairs. Sometime late that night or early the next 
morning, I caught snatches of conversation I could barely distinguish 
from dreams and reality.
	"Despite his faults I loved the poor beast … He was an interesting 
fellow … He had trouble controlling the animal toward the end … Had he 
suppressed the urge earlier that day? … For some reason he wouldn't 
listen to the Little Folk like he should have … I wish I could 
disbelieve his nature … He told me you would understand…" It would take 
many years before I could piece together that half heard conversation 
and what happened after.

	We awoke the next morning in various stages of pain from sleeping in 
contorted positions in those hard, wood chairs. But those pains soon 
vanished as we stretched and headed out into the main sanctuary. The 
Reverend was going through his service for that morning.
	"Where's that lady?" asked the always impolite Paul.
	" 'That lady' is hiding." I could hear the smile in his voice even 
though as usual he didn't look up from what he was working on. "I have 
granted her asylum, sooner or later the townsfolk will come by asking 
that she be interrogated for traces of evil or whatever else they think 
she might have on her."
	"Why," we all asked at once.
	"Because we have a very superstitious town. Can you blame them?"
	"No…" we didn't particular like the fact that the Reverend was right 
once again. He always did seem to be so practical. 
	"Were you listening last night?" He looked at us over his spectacles 
for the first time, and it seemed his eyes lingered on me the longest.
	"Of course," pronounced Timothy. 
	"Good. Can you do it?"
	Timothy spoke for all of us. "Of course."
	"Then so be it. Godspeed." He turned his eyes again to his papers, 
problem solved. We all looked at each other. We might have lingered, but 
there came the sound of a crowd through the thick church walls, and a 
loud banging on the church doors. We hurried out the study window, 
conveniently located on the opposite side from the main doors. Our last 
peek at the Reverend was of him calmly looking out across an angry mob 
over the top of his spectacles, then going back to whatever it was that 
he was doing before he had been interrupted.
	Had we had more time, we might have prepared ourselves a little better, 
but all we had was the wood-carving knife I carried with me at all 
times. And, of course, our innocence. At that time we firmly believed 
that it would protect us more than that knife.

	We headed along the trail in grand spirits, innocence does tend to lend 
to being happy in the face of grave danger. We spoke lightly as we 
walked through the birch woods, noticing all the flowers and saying that 
it was a good sign to see so many butterflies. If only we knew.
	None of us had been to the river/waterfall before, and we were quite 
interested in it. We must have spent twenty minutes trying to find were 
the water changed direction. It was all quite a joke to us then. 
	Finally we decided to cross, and I stepped first (as the oldest) to 
cross underneath the rope. I grabbed onto the rope with both hands and 
swung my legs up to hook over it. I swayed their a moment, then began to 
move out across the river. I had not gone more than a hundred feet or so 
when the roped snapped, plunging me into the icy river. My friends acted 
quickly and despite their relatively small frames and shock, managed to 
pull me out of the frigid waters. I sat and shivered for eternity while 
they clumsily removed my wet clothes and wrapped me in their jackets. It 
was the first test of our friendship that day, and was by no means to be 
our last. I am forever in their debt. 
	A few hours later, much warmer, we walked to where the bridge was 
hanging. It was our only way across, and it didn't look like it would 
hold any better than the rope. It still has never become clear why this 
heavy bridge didn't break while the rope did, but I'm glad it didn't. 
Its cables still held, but we mistrusted the swaying beams that 
threatened to cast anything daring to cross down into the swirling 
waters at the bottom of the gorge.
	Timothy, may he rest in peace, decided to go first. We all held our 
breathes while we waited for the same catastrophy to befall the bridge 
as had befell the rope, with much more dire circumstances. But it held, 
and by staying balanced in the middle with his arms and legs spread 
wide, Timothy managed to cross in one piece. I decided to go next, and 
was also able to cross unharmed, with much beating of my heart and 
sweating until I could barely hold on.
	Paul, the youngest and smallest, went last. He moved out across the 
bridge, but it did not go as easy for him as it had for us. We in horror 
as he looked through the slats of the bridge into the gorge below and go 
white. He lost his balance, realized it, and leaned to the other side. 
We shouted at him, yelled advice, jumped up and down, but it seemed he 
could not hear us. He had overcorrected. He started to slide off the 
bridge, but had the presence of mind to grab the railings as he fell. 
There he hung beneath the now vertical bridge, terrified, for a long 
time before he gathered the strength to proceed. He crawled up so that 
he lay across the hand rails, and squirmed the rest of the way across 
the span. I don't think he, or we, ever really recovered from that 
fright.
	We sat for a while, trying to recover our strength from that difficult 
crossing. We spoke little, for our voices shook when we did. I could 
hear Paul's breath rattling inside him as he tried to regain control of 
himself. 
	When we finally regained enough strength to look about us, we noticed 
something very disturbing. Though we all agreed that no more than thirty 
minutes had passed since we started the crossing at the bridge, sunset 
was upon us. I say upon us, because night meant that things we feared 
would come out to feed. But it was a pretty sunset, and we had just 
conquered fear ourselves so we headed out along the trail. 
	Entering the forest was a strange experience. Almost as soon as the 
trail curved, it seemed the sky grew over cast, and even in the small 
clearings light was dampened by some unknown power. We'd been walking no 
more than an hour, making good time, when we came to a land slide. Even 
here, the land looked more like it does at false dawn than it should 
have at sunset.
	"We should find someplace to stop after we climb this slide," said 
Timothy, in practical wisdom. "Somewhere defensible too." We could all 
feel the thrill of staying the night in a haunted place, that thrill 
that is somewhere between fear and insane recklessness. We all agreed, 
and practically ran up the slide, slipping and nearly tumbling our way 
up until we reached the trail above.
	Here we stopped and looked around. There was a sickly tree growing off 
the top of a jumble of boulders, its roots disappearing into the same 
beard-like moss that seemed to cover everything. Darkness had almost 
arrived, but we could still see well enough to note that the soil had 
changed from soft and friendly to the more stony, unforgiving soil of 
the high mountains. For the third time that day we were disoriented by 
something so out of the ordinary as to be unreal. First the river, than 
the time lapse, and now a distance lapse. I'm sure there is no such 
thing as a distance lapse, but I can think of no other way to describe 
going from low woodland loam to near tree line soils in only a few 
yards. 
	Suddenly, a sound behind us caused us to dive for cover. We expected 
all manners of daemons to suddenly appear over the crest of the hill, 
but walking into our site as we watched was only a small child. We 
laughed, extracting ourselves from the depressions on either side of the 
road.
	"Where did you come from?" asked Timothy.
	"And why are you out this far?" I put in.
	"And how did you catch up to us without us knowing?" inquired the still 
ashen Paul.
	His face, however, did not reflect our amusement. "Where I come from is 
none of your business, and I might ask you youngsters why you are out 
this far yourselves!"
	"Youngsters!" Timothy sputtered. "Why, you must be only ten!" His size 
was confusing, and in the darkening twilight, we could not see clearly. 
Had we been thinking, we should have realized many things, but we 
weren't, and therefore didn't.
	"A good joke that. Now, before the vampires come, I suggest we all 
shelter in the convenient location you picked."
	We all looked at each other, confused. 
	He must have been able to see much better in the dark than we could, 
for he noticed our confusion. " You mean you didn't pick this spot for 
protection?"
	"We're just walking. We're supposed-" A howl in the distance 
interrupted Timothy mid-sentence.
	"Well never mind. Hop in." We didn't move. "Well, get going. Have you 
never been through here before? We must be undercover by nightfall!" 
Another howl, this time closer. "Well, if you won't move, I'll take the 
safe spot," and he proceeded to hop into the pile of boulders, between 
the roots of the tree! We quickly ran to were he had disappeared, and 
noticed something that we had failed to see before. There was a hollow 
between the roots of this sickly tree, and inside was an odd site. The 
small cave was filled with gravel, and one side was formed by a tumbled 
down brick wall, the others were formed by large logs. There was a 
hooded latern hanging from the ceiling. The little boy still looked like 
a boy even in the light. In fact he was wearing blue overalls, and his 
hair was combed just like all other little boys: too long and combed 
from an oddly placed part. "Well come on!" This last comment was timed 
well with a very near ungodly shriek. In fear, we piled in. I was first 
and furthest from the hole, Paul was next, and Timothy was last.
	"No matter what happens," cautioned the boy, "you must stay inside this 
room. It is death to leave, and the vampires must not know we are in 
here." With that he put out the light, and we all settled down for a 
long haul. I still do not know why we did the things we did that fateful 
day, why we went, we followed this little boy, why we didn't run, why 
any number of things happened the way they did. I can only relate what 
happened and hope you who read this do not think me mad. This is the 
only way I can explain the events leading up to the Salvation of 
Clearwater.
	Soon after he turned out the light, I noticed that he was looking out 
between the slats of wood, and I could see the glow of an unearthly fire 
light his face.
	"What-" he clamped his hand over my mouth and put a finger to his lips. 
A shriek tore through the still night, such a scream as I had never 
heard before nor have heard since. I could feel my companions tense in 
fear, and my stomach knotted as well. Thescream came again, and it 
seemed to us to be the sound of a fellow human in pain. 
	"You cannot save him."
	I turned to look at the boy. A great sadness pervaded his features. 
Paul tensed beside me. "He is lost. The poor man was not under cover at 
nightfall. He was found. He is dead to the world now."
	"We must save him." Timothy's voice shook. "This is the man we're 
supposed to save." I shook my head. I was to afraid to leave this 
shelter, whatever safety it could provide I would take. "Don't you care 
about our town? We must protect him, with our lives remember?" I just 
couldn't bring myself to move, my hands dug into the gravel, taking 
fistfuls of the stuff and clenching my fists to keep myself from 
collapsing in fear. "If you won't go, I will."
	"You'll not succeed," said the boy.
	"I must try." He just charged out, and the was the last we saw of him. 
But not the last we heard. Soon we heard shuffling outside, and the 
sound of something dropping to the ground. Timothy screamed. Such 
screams as only come from dying things emanated from his throat, and 
soon his voice was reduced to just gurggling. Paul already on the verge, 
broke. He stumbled out the doorway, but he had not gone far before I saw 
something grab him and pull him out of my sight, followed by the squishy 
thud of a broken body hitting something solid. 
	The boy grabbed my arm. "Do not leave," he said, "I warned them, they 
did not listen, they are lost."
	"But-" I turned to look outside, it had grown bright as day, as if the 
small cooking fire I had seen before had been fanned into a funeral 
pyre. Even as I thought these things, a form appeared in the doorway. 
The most disgusting, fearful, awful, and loathsome sight I have ever 
been so unfortunate as to behold. His face looked to be the shape of a 
dogs, he had broad shoulders and a thick torso, his legs too were thick, 
but his knees bent backwards like some canine monstrosity, and ended in 
paws like the friendly creature its from perverted. His hands had long 
thin fingers, tipped in fearsome claws. But that was not the worst. 
Flesh was hanging in rotted folds from every parts of his body, his eyes 
swiveled in eye sockets devoid of protecting skin, and his whole body 
dripped blood made all the redder by the angry firelight. In places, his 
skin hung so low as to have separated from the bone itself, and I could 
see decaying muscle and diseased bone beneath. In absolute terror I 
tripped over myself in order to get as far away from that thing as 
possible. I fell. The thing let out a blood curdling scream. I landed 
with my knife in its sheath beneath me. My knife! Thank the Almighty for 
my knife! I drew it, not thinking of the dangers, and held it in the 
ready. The thing tried to enter, but found it was to wide for the 
opening. He reached a long, and getting longer, arm in after me, clawing 
the gravel, and groping for my leg. Suddenly he was violently pulled 
aside by another one of those things, one that had much longer 
appendages. This one just lunged, and as his arm came near, I jumped and 
thrust my puny little knife between his very visible arm bones, and 
twisted. It shrieked and quickly withdrew, taking my knife with it. 
	I knelt there a long time, staring at the ground in front of me. It 
seemed that the whole world had changed around me, yet I had stayed the 
same. I don't know why I felt that way, I only know that I did. Like so 
much that had happened recently, I had no idea why it was happening. I 
would have thought it was all a dream, except for the little boy behind 
me.
	"Good job," said he. I just stared.
	"You can go home now. You have done what you came for." I looked up.
	"I have?"
	"Yes."
	I stood up and walked outside, the boy forgotten. I looked around, and 
everything had indeed changed. The trees were all hardwoods now, the 
mountains more like hills. I could again see the lake, and it was back 
to its old clear blue. There were no vampires, no monsters, nor were 
their footprints anywhere to be found. Then I saw my friends, or rather, 
what was left of them. Of Timothy, neither I nor any search party could 
find anything but a shred of cloth. It was red now, but we had no idea 
where it had come from, or even if it was his. Paul was alive, but not 
well. He looked all right when I found him, but as I reached around his 
back to move him, my hand touched something wet. His back no longer 
looked healthy at all, just a gruesome pattern of claw- and teeth marks. 
There was no way to move him without harming him more, so I asked the 
boy to look after him, but the boy had gone. I stayed with him until the 
end, only a few hours after I found him.
	In a daze I walked down the hill on a beaten dirt road, wide enough for 
two carts, and crossed a very normal river on a very sturdy bridge. I 
walked that dirt road to the church, where I sat down on the steps and 
looked about me. The whole place was back to the way it used to be. The 
gravestones still had that cacophony of granite mixed with marble, but 
other than that there was no hint that there had ever been some great 
curse on the town. 
	After I had rested for a while I went walked down to the water's edge 
and stared out across Clearwater Lake. Fish jumped in the distance, and 
a heron stalked something along the shore not too far from where I 
stood. After standing there for a while, I turned my footsteps towards 
my house. I walked along those familiar cobblestone streets, but saw no 
one I knew. On the way past the Town Hall I paused to look in the 
windows. There was a town meeting going on, which explained the general 
quiet of the area. I returned home, lay down on my bed, and went to 
sleep.


______________________________________________________
Get Your Private, Free Email at http://www.hotmail.com
